Pull DATE_VALUE into own section and add comments about time (#241)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-03-datamodel.md

The date of the initial creation of the superstructure.
Because this refers to the initial creation, it should not be modified after the structure is created.

#### `DATE_VALUE` :=

```gedstruct
n DATE <DateValue>                         {1:1}  g7:DATE
  +1 TIME <Time>                           {0:1}  g7:TIME
  +1 PHRASE <Text>                         {0:1}  g7:PHRASE
```

A date, optionally with a time and/or a phrase.

> The `TIME` should only be provided if the `DATE` identifies a single day.

Author: ```suggestion
If there is a `TIME`, it asserts that the event happened at a specific time on a single day.
`TIME` should not be used with `DatePeriod` but may be used with other date types.
```

The date of the initial creation of the superstructure.
Because this refers to the initial creation, it should not be modified after the structure is created.

#### `DATE_VALUE` :=

```gedstruct
n DATE <DateValue>                         {1:1}  g7:DATE
  +1 TIME <Time>                           {0:1}  g7:TIME
  +1 PHRASE <Text>                         {0:1}  g7:PHRASE
```

A date, optionally with a time and/or a phrase.
If there is a `TIME`, it asserts that the event happened at a specific time on a single day.
`TIME` should not be used with `DatePeriod` but may be used with other date types.

> :::note
> Previous versions of the spec failed to restrict `TIME` to single-day `DATE`s, but also did not define the meaning of such a time.
> Because of this, if an approximate date contains a time there is no way to know if the intent was that the day was unknown but the time was known or if the intent was that the time is likewise uncertain.
> 
> The meaning of a time for a `DatePeriod` is likewise not defined.
> :::
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
